Adding docs for changes to cognito config (#9)
NASA-AMMOS/quickstart-ammos-smallsat-toolkit: docs/partner_editable/additional_info.adoc

For guidance on this process, see your DNS provider's documentation.

=== Create Amazon Cognito user identities

The Application Load Balancer defines an authentication action to protect the AIT, Open MCT, and AIT Sequence Editor applications. To access the applications, you authenticate using an identity that's managed by Amazon Cognito. Create user identities in the Amazon Cognito user pool or set up federation with an existing identity provider.

For more information, see the following:

* https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cognito/latest/developerguide/how-to-create-user-accounts.html[Creating User Accounts as Administrator^]
* https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cognito/latest/developerguide/cognito-user-pools-identity-federation.html[Adding User Pool Sign-in Through a Third Party^]

> 

Reviewer: We definitely still want to keep this in the docs - this tells a user how to set up Cognito users or identity federation for their deployment. What we have added here is a single, default user so that they can test as soon as the stack comes up. They will still need to set up identities for long-term use

Author: Sweet added back in!

. Choose each link. Verify that each application opens.
+

> You will be prompted for login credentials the first time you open the applications. Login credentials are managed by Amazon Cognito. These credentials can be seen as an output for the cloud formation stack in the AWS Console for your associated deployment. These outputs can be identified by the following names:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will be prompted for login credentials the first time you open the applications. Login credentials are managed by Amazon Cognito. A default user is created as part of the QuickStart and can be used for testing the deployment. These credentials can be found in the outputs of the CloudFormation stack in the AWS Console for your associated deployment. These outputs can be identified by the following names:
```

Reviewer: Additionally, you can query these values from the command line by the following
```shell
aws cloudformation describe-stacks --stack-name $MAIN_STACK_NAME --query "Stacks[0].Outputs[?OutputKey=='CognitoDefaultUserUsername'].OutputValue" --output text

aws cloudformation describe-stacks --stack-name $MAIN_STACK_NAME --query "Stacks[0].Outputs[?OutputKey=='CognitoDefaultUserTempPassword'].OutputValue" --output text
```
